Title:
Eggs and Bacon
Ingredients:
Eggs
Bacon
Avocado
Garlic Salt
Paprika
SeasonAll
Toast
Recipe:
Cook up the bacon and save some of the grease once the bacon is done.
Season the avocado with the spices to taste. Toast the toast.
Cook your eggs your preferred way.
Once the eggs and toast are done, put the avocado on the toast and top with your egg!

Title:
Frittatas
Ingredients:
1 lb sweet Italian pork sausage casings removed
1 tbsp coconut oil
Bunch of fresh spinach roughly chopped
2 tbsp chopped fresh basil
*pinch of crushed red pepper optional
8 whole eggs whisked
1/2 tsp onion powder
1/4 tsp salt
2 roma tomatoes or 3 smaller tomatoes, thinly sliced
fine grain sea salt and pepper to taste
more chopped fresh basil for garnish
Recipe:
Preheat your oven to 375 degrees. Heat the coconut oil over med-hi heat in a medium sized cast iron or other ovenproof skillet
Crumble the sausage in the pan and cook, breaking it up as it cooks so it browns evenly. *Add the crushed red pepper now if you wish for extra spice.
Once your sausage is toasty brown, add the spinach to the pan and give it a stir to soften and blend with the sausage, then remove from heat.
Sprinkle the sausage mixture with chopped fresh basil once off the heat.
In a large bowl, whisk your eggs well with onion powder and salt, then pour egg mixture over sausage mixture slowly to cover.
Top the egg/sausage mixture with sliced tomatoes and sprinkle with more sea salt and black pepper, to taste.
Bake in the preheated oven 20-25 minutes, or until the eggs are set and edges begin to turn golden brown. Garnish with more fresh chopped basil once the frittata has baked.
Let it sit to cool and set a bit, and then either serve or wrap and refrigerate/freeze for later use.

Title:
Waffles/Pancakes and Eggs
Ingredients:
Waffle/Pancake mix
Eggs
Bacon
Recipe:
Follow instructions on waffle or pancake mix bag.
Cook up bacon, save some bacon grease for the eggs.
Cook up eggs how you want.

Title:
Sweet Potato Breakfast Skillet with Bacon
Ingredients:
12 ounces of bacon, cut into 1-inch pieces
Additional bacon fat, lard, ghee, or coconut oil
5 cups diced sweet potatoes (about a 1/2 inch dice)
4 cups diced zucchini
1 cup chopped onion
1 red bell pepper, chopped
6 large eggs
Black pepper to taste
Recipe:
In a 12-inch cast iron skillet (I use and recommend this pan), cook the bacon pieces over medium-low heat until crisp (cooking the bacon at a lower temperature will render more fat).
Use a slotted spoon to remove the cooked bacon from the pan. Set aside. There should be enough rendered bacon fat to coat the entire bottom of the skillet, about 1/8 inch deep. If your bacon didn’t render this much fat (it can vary from brand to brand), add additional bacon fat, lard, ghee, or coconut oil to your skillet until there is 1/8 inch of fat.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees (F).
Increase heat to medium-high and carefully place the diced sweet potatoes in the hot oil. Cook the sweet potatoes without stirring until the bottom of the cubes start to turn golden brown (this can take several minutes). Stir and cook until the cubes just start to soften.
Increase heat to high and add the zucchini, onion, and bell pepper to the skillet. Cook until the vegetables are just starting to soften.
Stir in bacon pieces. Remove from heat.
Make 6 wells in the potato and veggie mixture; break one egg into each well.
Place skillet in the oven and bake for 9-14 minutes, or until the eggs are set. Serve immediately.
