Title:
Crock Pot Sweet & Sour Pork Loin with Pineapple
Ingredients:
1 - 3 pound pork loin roast
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion - sliced
1 cup apple cider vinegar
1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
1/2 cup honey
1/2 cup brown sugar
3 cloves garlic - minced
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
2 cups fresh chunk pineapple
Slurry thickener - 2 teaspoons corn starch mixed with 2 teaspoons cold water
Recipe:
Heat olive oil in a cast iron or heavy bottom skillet. Salt and pepper all sides of pork roast and sear in skillet. Remove and place in crock pot. Sear onions in hot pan until slightly browned. Place onions in crock pot with pork loin.
In a medium size bowl, mix apple cider, soy sauce, honey, brown sugar, garlic, salt and red pepper. Pour over roast. Place pineapple chunks around pork and cover with lid. Cook on HIGH for 5 hours or LOW for 7.
When done, remove pork and pineapple from slow cooker and place on serving platter. Turn slow cooker on high, add cornstarch slurry and stir to mix well. As mixture starts to bubble, keep stirring until desired thickness is achieved. Spoon gravy over pork loin. Serve!

Title:
Slow Cooker Spaghetti Sauce from Scratch Recipe with Meatballs
Ingredients:
FOR THE SAUCE:
4 Tbl Olive Oil
1 Large Sweet Onion diced
3 Cloves Garlic minced
2 28 ounce cans Crushed Tomatoes
1 Cup Water
2 tsp Real Salt
½ tsp Ground Black Pepper
FOR THE MEATBALLS:
1 pound Ground Beef
1 pound Ground Pork
1 Egg
1/2 Cup Italian Seasoned Whole Wheat Breadcrumbs
1/2 Cup Shredded Fresh Parmesan
2 tsp Real Salt
3 Tbl Italian Seasoning
Recipe:
SLOW COOKER SAUCE:
Place the olive oil, onion, garlic, tomatoes, water, salt, and pepper in the bowl of a slow cooker and whisk together until combined. Turn heat on to high. Make the meatballs.
SLOW COOKER MEATBALLS:
Place the ground beef, ground pork, egg, breadcrumbs, Parmesan, salt, and Italian Seasoning in a large mixing bowl and mix together using your hands or a mixing spoon until the mixture is well combined.
STOVE TOP SAUCE:
Place the olive oil in a large stockpot and turn the heat on to medium high. Add the onion and sauté for 5 minutes, or until translucent. Add the garlic and sauté for another 30 seconds. Add the crushed tomatoes and water, stirring to combine. Bring to a simmer and reduce heat to medium. Make the meatballs.
Use a ¼ cup measure to press the meat mixture into. Tap the measure on your work surface to remove meat. Use your hands to roll the ¼ cup of meat into a large ball. Repeat with remaining mixture until all of it is formed into balls. Place the meatballs carefully in the crock pot, covering with sauce.
Cook on high for 3-4 hours, or until meatballs are fully cooked through and sauce is bubbling. Sprinkle meatballs with parsley before serving.
STOVE TOP MEATBALLS:
Place the ground beef, ground pork, eggs, breadcrumbs, parmesan, salt, and oregano in a large mixing bowl and mix together using your hands or a mixing spoon until the mixture is well combined.
Use a ¼ cup measure to press the meat mixture into. Tap the measure on your work surface to remove meat. Use your hands to roll the ¼ cup of meat into a large ball. Repeat with remaining mixture until all of it is formed into balls. Place the meatballs carefully in the tomato sauce, making sure that the meatballs are fully submerged in sauce.
Cover and let simmer for 30-40 minutes on medium heat, until meatballs are fully cooked through.
Sprinkle sauce with fresh parsley before serving.
