Title:
Coconut Chicken Curry
Ingredients:
For the paste:
1 onion, chopped
1 inch ginger, peeled and finely chopped
1 green chilli, chopped (inc seeds)
2 garlic cloves, crushed
1 tsp ground cumin
1 tsp ground coriander
1.5 tsp turmeric
3 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
For the curry:
8 chicken thighs, boneless and skinless, chopped into large chunks
400ml (14 fl oz) coconut milk
½ lemon, juice only
½ small bunch coriander, roughly chopped
½ small bunch mint, roughly chopped
Recipe:
Place all the paste ingredients (except the olive oil) into a blender and blitz until combined. Add the oil and mix again. You should now have a good paste consistency (will look like a thick puree). Add in a bit more oil if needed.
Heat a large frying pan over a medium heat and add the paste. Leave the paste to cook for a few minutes and the aromas will start to release.
Add the chicken to the paste along with the lemon juice and stir until combined. Cook for around 5 minutes to seal the chicken.
Add the coconut milk and mix into the paste, bring to a simmer and leave to cook for 15-20 minutes stirring occasionally.
Remove from the heat and stir in the mint and coriander. Serve hot with cauliflower rice.

Title:
Broccoli Beef
Ingredients:
1-1/4lb flank or sirloin steak, cut very thin against the grain
1/2 cup + 2 Tablespoons reduced-sodium gluten-free Tamari, divided
2-1/2 Tablespoons gluten-free flour, divided
3/4 cup gluten-free low-sodium chicken broth
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 Tablespoon rice vinegar
1 teaspoon sesame oil
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/4 teaspoon red chili pepper flakes (or more or less)
1/4 cup + 2 Tablespoons water, divided
4 cups broccoli florets
2 Tablespoon high heat cooking oil, divided
cooked rice, for serving
Recipe:
Add sliced steak, 2 Tablespoons gluten-free Tamari, and 1 Tablespoon gluten-free flour to a large Ziplock bag then seal and squish to evenly coat. Place the bag into the refrigerator to marinate while you prepare the rest of the dish.
Add remaining 1/2 cup gluten-free Tamari, remaining 1-1/2 Tablespoons gluten-free flour, chicken broth, brown sugar, 2 Tablespoons water, rice vinegar, sesame oil, garlic, ground ginger, and red chili pepper flakes to a bowl then whisk to combine and set aside.
Heat a large wok or nonstick skillet over high heat then add remaining 1/4 cup water. Once simmering, add broccoli then stir fry until crisp tender, 2-3 minutes. Remove to a plate then set aside.
Heat 1 Tablespoon oil in wok then, once hot, add 1/2 the marinated beef in one layer. Let sit undisturbed until seared, 30 seconds, then stir fry until just barely cooked through (some pink still showing is ok.) Remove to plate with broccoli. Heat remaining Tablespoon oil then stir fry remaining beef and add to plate.
Add sauce to wok then simmer until slightly thickened, 2-3 minutes. Add cooked broccoli and beef back into the wok then simmer until everything is heated through, 1 minute. Serve over cooked rice.

Title:
Grilled Lemon Herb Mediterranean Chicken Salad
Ingredients:
Marinade/Dressing:
2 tablespoons olive oil
juice of 1 lemon (1/4 cup fresh squeezed lemon juice)
2 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons red wine vinegar
2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley
2 teaspoons dried basil
2 teaspoons garlic , minced
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon salt
cracked pepper , to taste
(1 pound | 500 g) 4 skinless, boneless chicken thigh fillets (or chicken breasts)
Salad:
4 cups Romaine (or Cos) lettuce leaves, washed and dried
1 large cucumber , diced
2 Roma tomatoes , diced
1 red onion , sliced
1 avocado , sliced
1/3 cup pitted Kalamata olives (or black olives), sliced (optional)
Lemon wedges , to serve
Recipe:
Whisk together all of the marinade/dressing ingredients in a large jug. Pour out half of the marinade into a large, shallow dish. Refrigerate the remaining marinade to use as the dressing later.
Add the chicken to the marinade in the bowl; marinade chicken for 15-30 minutes (or up to two hours in the refrigerator if time allows). While waiting for the chicken, prepare all of the salad ingredients and mix in a large salad bowl.
Once chicken is ready, heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a grill pan or a grill plate over medium-high heat. Grill chicken on both sides until browned and completely cooked through.
Allow chicken to rest for 5 minutes; slice and arrange over salad. Drizzle salad with the remaining UNTOUCHED dressing. Serve with lemon wedges.

Title:
Paleo Skillet Beef Fajitas
Ingredients:
1 1/2 lb flank steak, sliced into thin ribbons against the grain
1 lime juiced
½ teaspoon chili powder
¼ teaspoon of ground cayenne red pepper
1/8 teaspoon cumin
1/8 teaspoon paprika
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
½ teaspoon dried oregano
½ teaspoon Sea salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
[br][b]Vegetables:[/b]
2 tablespoon organic coconut oil
1 yellow bell pepper, trimmed, de-seeded and sliced
1 red bell pepper, trimmed, de-seeded and sliced
1 yellow onion, trimmed, peeled and sliced into thin slices
1 garlic clove, minced
5 ounces shitake mushrooms</span>
2 green onions, green part sliced
1 cup vegetable broth
1 jalapeno, seeded and sliced thinly {leave seeds if you like it HOT}
1/4 cup chopped cilantro
1 avocado, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced
Recipe:
Place steak, lime juice and spices in a large bowl and toss together until steak is evenly coated.
Set aside.
Place a large heavy skillet over medium-high heat, I used cast-iron. Add coconut oil to the pan and when melted add steak.
Try to lay steak out so that it is in a single layer on the pan.
Let steak sear 3-4 minutes, flip and cook the other side of steak for an additional 3-4 minutes, you want the outside to be completely seared. Remove steak from pan and set aside on a plate.
Add onions, peppers, garlic and mushrooms to pan tossing to coat. There should be enough juice from the steak to toss and coat your veggies. If not add about 1/4 cup of your vegetable broth. Try to scrape any excess brown bits that are stuck to the bottom of the pan. Toss your veggies until they start to soften, about 5 minutes. Add green onion, jalapeño, vegetable broth, steak and any juices that collected on the plate.
Toss and cook for an additional 5-8 minutes.
Remove from heat, toss cilantro on top as well as sliced avocado and additional jalapeño slices if you like.
Serve with rice, fajitas or lettuce cups

Title:
Pesto Chicken Zoodles
Ingredients:
For the zoodles:
3-4 medium zucchini made into zoodles with either a julienne peeler or spiralizer
Sea Salt
For the pesto sauce:
3 cups packed basil leaves
4 garlic cloves
¼ cup walnuts or pine nuts
½ cup extra virgin olive oil
½ teaspoon sea salt
¼ teaspoon black pepper
For the remaining Ingredients:
1 tablespoon coconut oil (or grass-fed butter/ghee)
1 lb boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into bite sized pieces
½ bunch asparagus (about 12 stalks) cut into 1” pieces, tough ends removed
1/3 cup sun dried tomatoes
¼ cup pine nuts
Sea salt & pepper, to taste
Recipe:
First up, let’s get the moisture out of the zoodles! No one likes watery zucchini! It’s totally up to you, and what you want to do with your zoodles, but I typically prefer the salting method. This gets the moisture out, so that they don’t become a watery mess when heated with the sauce. To do this, place your zoodles on top of paper towels and salt them generously. Set aside for at least 20 minutes, while they release their moisture.
Let’s make the quick pesto! Add all of the pesto ingredients to food processor (or blender) and pulse until well combined. Set aside.
Heat the coconut oil in a large pan over medium heat. Once the oil has melted, add the chicken to the pan. Sauté until the chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the asparagus to the pan and sauté for 2-3 minutes, or until the asparagus starts to soften.
While the asparagus is cooking, let’s get back to the zoodles! Gently squeeze the salted zoodles between dry paper towels, or a clean dishrag, to remove the excess moisture.
Turn down the heat of the pan to medium-low, and add the zoodles to the pan. Stir well. Once the zoodles are warm, turn the heat off and add the pesto sauce, sun dried tomatoes, and pine nuts to the pan and stir until combined. Serve up and slurp up!

Title:
Dairy Free Tuscan Chicken
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
3 boneless skinless chicken breasts, sliced into 6 thin pieces
1 jar sun-dried tomatoes, thinly sliced
1 can light coconut milk
1/2 cup chicken broth
salt & pepper to taste
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1 cup fresh baby spinach
Fresh basil, shredded (garnish)
Recipe:
Heat a large cast iron skillet over medium high heat. Add about a tablespoon of olive oil and swirl to coat.
Salt and pepper both sides of each piece of chicken (to taste).
In batches, sear both sides of the chicken for 3-4 minutes (until no longer pink).
Remove chicken to a clean plate.
Wipe out excess oil out of the pan and add chicken broth.
Next, add coconut milk, tomatoes, garlic powder, and Italian seasoning.
Bring to a simmer and add chicken back into the pan.
Add a large handful of spinach and let it wilt as the liquid simmers.
Simmer lightly for 3-5 minutes and remove from heat.
Garnish with fresh basil.

Title:
Meatloaf
Ingredients:
Meatloaf:
2 pounds lean ground beef
1 onion, diced small (about ½ cup)
2 eggs
½ tsp. ground pepper
¾ cup quick oats
1 Tbsp. Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp. garlic salt
1 tsp. onion salt
½ cup tomato sauce
Glaze Topping:
¼ cup ketchup
¼ cup brown sugar
2 tsp. mustard
Recipe:
Preheat oven to 350ºF. Spray a 9x5" loaf pan with cooking spray.
Mix together ground beef, onion, eggs, pepper, oats, Worcestershire sauce, garlic salt, onion salt and tomato sauce in a large bowl, using your hands. Do not overmix.
In a small bowl, combine the ketchup, sugar and mustard. Spread on top of meatloaf and place in oven. Bake for 1 hour and 15-30 minutes, or until meatloaf is cooked through. Let cool for a few minutes and then slice and serve. Enjoy!

Title:
Gluten-Free Chicken Fried Rice
Ingredients:
½ c. carrots chopped into ½-inch cubes
1 c. bell pepper cut into 1-inch pieces
1 c. onion cut into 1-inch pieces
½ c. olive oil divided
1 lb. chicken cut into ½-inch cubes
5 eggs
½ t. pepper
½ t. salt
4 c. cooked rice
3 ½ T. soy sauce gluten free
2 T. rice wine vinegar
1 t. sesame oil
½ c. frozen peas
Green onions optional
Recipe:
In a wok, or large skillet, combine 3 T. olive oil, bell peppers, onions and carrots. Sautee for about 3-5 minutes over medium heat.
Push vegetables to the side and drizzle 1 T. olive oil into the skillet and place chicken in oil. Cook over medium heat for 3-5 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through. Mix with vegetables.
Push all vegetables and chicken to one side and leave room to crack the eggs. Drizzle 1-2 T. olive oil in the spot you have cleared and add in eggs, salt and pepper. Scramble in that spot for 2-3 minutes, or until cooked. Once cooked, you can combine the eggs into the rest of the vegetable mixture.
Once eggs are cooked, add in cooked rice, soy sauce, rice vinegar, sesame oil and 1 T. olive oil. Cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. If you like extra crispy fried rice, let rice sit over medium to medium-high heat for a full minute before mixing again. Rice likes to stick to the bottom of the pan so be sure to scrape all of the crispy goodness off of it! Repeat this process until to your desired crispiness.
Mix in frozen peas during the last 2 minutes of cooking.
Top fried rice with green onions to serve and enjoy!

Title:
Paleo Chinese Chicken Salad
Ingredients:
2 cups shredded carrots
1 head of a large Napa Cabbage, chopped into very thin strips
1/2 cup chopped cilantro
2 Tbs black sesame seeds
2 Tbs white sesame seeds
1/2 cup cashews (optional)
1 rotisserie chicken, torn into shreds
1/4 cup Tamari (tamari is a gluten free soy sauce) or regular soy sauce
1/4 cup white wine vinegar
3 Tbs finely minced ginger (I peeled fresh ginger and used this hand held food processor to mince – You can also do it by hand but I find this process much faster and easier!)
3 Tbs olive oil
2 Tbs Hoisin sauce (I like this brand best, you can usually find it in the Asian section at your grocery store)
1 Tbs Toasted Sesame Oil
1 tsp Spicy Chili Oil (optional but I had it on hand and knew it would make a great addition!)
1 tsp Sriracha or more if you like it spicy!
1/2 tsp sea salt
5 chopped green onions, green and white parts
Recipe:
In a small mason jar with lid add tamari, vinegar, minced ginger, olive oil, hoisin sauce, toasted sesame oil, chili oil, sriracha, sea salt and chopped green onions. Secure the lid and shake vigorously. Set aside.
Next, put chopped cabbage, shredded carrots, cilantro, sesame seeds, cashews, shredded chicken, and enough dressing to coat (around half) into a large plastic bag, seal, and shake vigorously until well incorporated. Adjust amount of dressing as needed.
Pour into bowls or onto plates and enjoy!! Serves 4.

Title:
Gluten-Free Enchiladas
Ingredients:
For the Enchiladas
2½-3 cups enchilada sauce (1 recipe)
12 corn tortillas (GF)
2 cups cooked chicken, shredded or diced
1 cup cheese, shredded ( cheddar, Monterey jack, Colby, etc.)
½ cup cilantro
For the Enchilada Sauce
3 Tablespoons oil
3 Tablespoons gum-free gluten-free rice flour blend, (I used my blend )
¼ cup red chile powder (or chili powder)
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons garlic powder
2 teaspoons onion powder
1 teaspoon dried oregano
salt, to taste
1½ cups chicken broth
1½ cups water
Recipe:
For the Enchiladas
If your tortillas were stored in the fridge, or are not very flexible, wrap them in a paper towel and microwave for 30 seconds to heat them up.
Spread about ½ cup of enchilada sauce over the bottom of a 9x13 glass (microwave safe) pan.
Mix the cilantro, chicken, and about 1 cup of enchilada sauce together so that they are evenly combined.
Dip each tortilla in the remaining enchilada sauce, fill with 2½-3 Tablespoons of filling, and roll. Place in the pan and repeat with the remaining tortillas and filling.
Spread any remaining enchilada sauce over the top of the enchiladas. Sprinkle with the shredded cheese.
Microwave for 5-7 minutes, or until the cheese is melted, the sauce is bubbly, and the enchiladas are heated through.
For the Enchilada Sauce
In a saucepan mix together all the spices, the flour, and the oil. Heat while whisking until fragrant about 3-5 minutes (you want the floury taste to cook out also.)
While whisking add the chicken broth and water and whisk until smooth. Heat until the sauce comes to a boil, and then simmer for 2-3 minutes or until the sauce is thickened.

Title:
Strawberry Basil Chicken
Ingredients:
3-4 large chicken breasts
3 tbsp olive oil
3 garlic cloves crushed
1/2 tsp sea salt
1/2 tsp pepper
2 cups chopped fresh strawberries
1 cup chopped fresh basil
3 tbsp balsamic vinegar or balsamic glaze*
Recipe:
Begin by heating a large skillet to medium heat. Add olive oil and garlic, cook for 2 minutes or until fragrant.
Prepare your chicken breasts: you may need to pound the breast to make them a bit thinner, mine were approximately 1 inch. Salt and pepper each side, add to pan. Cook for 3-5 minutes per side (until golden brown, but cooked through). Set aside.
Meanwhile, prepare the topping. Toss together strawberries, basil, balsamic and 1 tbsp olive oil. Top each chicken breast with strawberry mixture, and salt and pepper to taste. Add additional balsamic glaze or balsamic if needed. Serve immediately.

Title:
Chicken Salad
Ingredients:
2 pounds chicken, cooked and chopped into bite size pieces (about 5 cups)
1 cup sliced red grapes
1 green apple, diced
1/3 cup chopped green onion
2/3-1 cup paleo mayo
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
Recipe:
In a large bowl, stir all ingredients together. Start with 2/3 cup mayo and add more as needed. Every mayo is a little different. I used the full cup for mine.
Stir until evenly mixed and store in fridge.
Serve over lettuce or out of a bowl.

Title:
Apple Cranberry and Almond Coleslaw
Ingredients:
Dressing
3/4 cup fat free Greek Yogurt (I recommend using Fage, other brands may will be too thin)
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1/4 cup honey
2 Tbsp apple cider vinegar
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
Coleslaw
1 small cabbage , shredded (6 - 7 cups packed)
1 1/2 cups matchstick carrots
2 large gala apples , sliced into matchsticks (about 3 cups)
1/2 cup sliced green onions
3/4 cup sliced almonds or 1 cup slivered almonds
3/4 cup dried cranberries
Recipe:
In a mixing bowl whisk together Greek yogurt, mayonnaise, honey and apple cider vinegar until smooth, while seasoning with salt and pepper to taste.
In a large bowl toss together cabbage, carrots, apples, green onions, almonds and cranberries. Pour dressing over cabbage mixture and toss to evenly coat. Serve immediately for best results.
Recipe source: Cooking Classy

Title:
Asian-Style Cabbage Wraps
Ingredients:
For Wraps:
12-14 savoy cabbage leaves
1/2 lb. ground turkey
1 C water chestnuts, chopped
1/2 c green onion, thinly sliced
1 C shredded carrots
1 T olive oil, for brushing
For Sauce:
3 T coconut aminos
2 T sesame oil
1/3 C cilantro, chopped
1 garlic clove, minced
1 inch piece of ginger, peeled and grated
Recipe:
In a medium pan, begin to brown ground turkey.
While turkey cooks, bring a large pot of water to boil and place cabbage leaves in water to tenderize, for about 5 minutes. Remove from pot and set aside on paper towel.
Once turkey is browned, pour into a mixing bowl. Add carrots, onion, and water chestnuts. Mix.
In a separate small bowl, whisk together sauce ingredients. Pour over vegetable and turkey mixture. Stir to coat.
Preheat oven to 350℉. Line a 9×13 baking pan with 6 cabbage leaves.
Place 1/3 cup filling in the center of cabbage leaves. Fold in the sides and roll up from the bottom.
Place in pan seam side-down. Brush cabbage with olive oil. Bake 35-40 minutes. Cabbage rolls should be lightly browned on top.

Title:
Easy Skillet Chicken Cacciatore
Ingredients:
Chicken Ingredients
4 boneless skinless chicken breasts
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon fresh thyme, minced
1 teaspoon fresh rosemary, minced
1/4 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
Sauce Ingredients
2 teaspoons olive oil
1/2 of a yellow onion, sliced
1/2 of a red bell pepper, sliced
1/2 of a yellow bell pepper, sliced
8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
Kosher salt and black pepper to taste
1/2 cup white wine
1/2 cup fresh basil, chopped
1/4 cup fresh flat leaf parsley, chopped
2 teaspoons fresh thyme, chopped
15 ounce can crushed tomatoes
Freshly grated parmesan cheese for topping the chicken
Recipe:
In a small bowl combine all of the chicken ingredients and rub evenly all over the 4 chicken breasts.
Heat a large skillet over medium high heat.
Spray the skillet with cooking spray and add the chicken to the pan.
Cook the chicken for about 2 minutes per side then remove it from the skillet and onto a plate, the chicken will not be cooked through at this point.
Add 2 teaspoons of olive oil to the skillet swirling to coat it.
Add the sliced onion, peppers, mushrooms, crushed red pepper flakes, salt and pepper to the skillet and sautè for about 3-4 minutes until the vegetables start to soften.
Add in the wine and cook for another minute or until the liquid reduces by about half.
Stir in a half of the basil, parsley and thyme then pour in the crushed tomatoes.
Stir everything together until combined then place the chicken breasts back in the skillet and coat them with the sauce.
Reduce the heat, cover and simmer for about 10-15 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through.
Sprinkle the remaining herbs and shredded parmesan cheese over the top and serve.

Title:
Paleo Bruschetta Chicken
Ingredients:
4 medium tomatoes, diced
2 tbsp olive oil
2 tbs balsamic vinegar
2 cloves of garlic, minced
1 tbsp basil
1 small jar (8 oz) of artichokes, liquid drained
1/2 cup Kalamata olives, pitted and liquid drained (organic if available)
1 1/2 lbs uncooked chicken breasts, diced
Salt and pepper
Recipe:
Preheat oven to 350º F
In a mixing bowl, combine olive oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic and basil
Next add the diced tomatoes, artichokes and olives. Stir well to coat, and set aside
Cut raw chicken breasts into bite-size pieces
Place chicken pieces in oven-safe baking dish and season with salt and pepper
Next pour the bruschetta mixture over the chicken
Bake 30-35 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through
Plate hot and enjoy!

Title:
Pork Chops and Brussel Sprouts
Ingredients:
For the pork chops:
2 tbsp vegetable oil divided
2 bone-in pork chops (about 1 pound)
1 1/2 tbsp whole grain mustard
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/4 tsp ground cumin
1/4 tsp garlic powder (optional)
For the Brussels sprouts:
2 tbsp vegetable oil
2 cups Brussels sprouts trimmed and halved if too big
salt and pepper to taste
1 tsp honey + 1 tbsp whole grain mustard
parsley for garnishing
Recipe:
Season Brussels sprouts with salt and pepper. Add honey+ whole grain mustard, toss to coat.
Season pork chops with salt, black pepper, cumin, garlic powder and whole grain mustard.
Preheat oven to 350 F.
Heat 2 tbsp oil in a cast iron skillet over medium-high heat. Add brussels sprouts and cook, stirring frequently, until they start to brown (2-3 minutes). Transfer to a plate.
Add the remaining 2 tbsp of oil and add pork chops to the skillet. Cook until golden brown on the bottom, for about 2-3 minutes. Flip pork chops over and add browned Brussels sprouts.
Move skillet to the oven. Cook for 12-15 minutes, until Brussels sprouts are tender and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the pork reads 145 F.
Remove from the oven and let it stand for 5 minutes.
Sprinkle with chopped parsley. Serve and enjoy!

Title:
Hearty Cranberry Honey Broccoli Salad
Ingredients:
1 head of broccoli, cut into florets
1/2 cup red onion, finely chopped
1/3 cup unsweetened cranberries
1/3 cup sliced almonds
1 cup Paleo mayonnaise
2 T fresh lemon juice
2 T honey
1/4 T sea salt
1/8 T black pepper
Recipe:
Fill a large pot with 6 cups of water and bring to a low boil over medium heat. Add broccoli florets and boil 2 minutes.
Strain and immediately place into an ice bath in a large bowl. Chill 3 minutes.
Remove broccoli florets from water and pat dry with paper towel. Place broccoli into a large mixing bowl and add red onion, cranberries and almonds. Stir.
In a separate small bowl, combine Paleo mayonnaise, honey and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Stir well.
Pour dressing over broccoli mixture and stir to coat. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving.

Title:
Asian Chicken Cranberry Salad
Ingredients:
2 small bags of coleslaw mix (about 12 cups)
4 cups rotisserie chicken, finely chopped
1 1/2 cups toasted sliced almonds (or cashews)
1 1/2 cup dried cranberries (I used Orange Cranberries from Trader Joe’s)
3/4 cup red onion, finely diced
1 cup sesame sticks (found in the bulk aisle at grocery store – optional)
1 1/2 cups chopped cilantro
1/4 cup black sesame seeds
1 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1/2 cup balsamic vinegar
4 Tbsp. low-sodium soy sauce
3-4 cloves garlic, chopped
4 Tbsp. honey or brown sugar
4 Tbsp. minced ginger
2 tsp. toasted sesame oil
Recipe:
Layer the cabbage in a large bowl with chicken, almonds (or cashews, or both), cranberries, red onion, sesame seeds, sesame sticks (optional), and fresh cilantro.
Combine the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, soy sauce, garlic, honey, ginger, and sesame oil in a blender. Add 3 tablespoons of water. Process until smooth.
Lightly pour the dressing over the salad mixture, according to how moist you like the salad. Gently toss and serve. (You may have a little dressing left over.)

Title:
One Pan Cranberry BALSAMIC Roasted Chicken
Ingredients:
INGREDIENTS
2.5 lbs chicken thighs or breasts with skin on (around 4 to 6 chicken thighs or breast) See notes for lower fat option
fresh thyme
a sprinkle of dried Italian herbs (optional)
1/3 cup to 1/2 cup fresh cranberries (or previously frozen)
1 tbsp each maple syrup and balsamic vinegar mixed together to coat chicken during roasting
FOR THE MARINADE
1/3 cup cranberries
2 tbsp olive oil
2 tbsp gluten free tamari sauce or coconut aminos (optional)
2 tbsp maple syrup
1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
1/4 tsp sea salt
1/4 tsp black peppers
2 garlic cloves (or 1 tsp minced)
Recipe:
Clean your chicken then place in a roasting or baking dish. Set aside.
Next prepare your marinade.
Blend all the ingredients listed in the Marinade in a food processor or blender until liquified and smooth.
Pour this over the chicken thighs, coating evenly.
Cover and place in fridge to marinade for 30 minutes or up to 24 hrs.
Once marinaded, preheat oven to 375F.
Remove chicken from fridge.
Add your extra 1/3 to 1/2 cup cranberries, thyme, and Italian herbs to the dish. Spread it out evenly on and around the chicken.
Bake skin side down first for 25-30 minutes.
Remove and turn skin side up. Check for doneness. Then brush each chicken skin with the maple syrup/balsamic vinegar combo.
Add more seasoning (like dried herbs, salt, pepper) to the top if desired. if using fresh herbs, wait to add until after broil
Depending on the thickness of your chicken, either bake a little longer skin side up, then broil. Or if chicken is almost done and not pink, then skip extra baking and just Broil for about 3-4 minutes or until skin is crispy and chicken is cooked evenly inside.
Updated If using boneless chicken, cooking time will be around 35 minutes total.
After thoroughly cooked, remove from oven.
Spoon the sauce from the pan onto each chicken thigh/breast and a pinch of black pepper or cracked pepper.
Serve with the roasted cranberries on top and any extra fresh herbs desired.

Title:
Oven Roasted Red Potatoes
Ingredients:
5 large potatoes peeled and quartered
1/4 cup butter ghee or coconut oil
1/4 cup almond milk
salt and pepper to taste
Sauce:
1 cup petite diced tomatoes
1 1/2 cup beef stock
1 teaspoon basil
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons tapioca starch
Filling:
2 pounds ground beef
1 small onion chopped
2 cups chopped carrots
2 cups zucchini peeled and chopped
2 cups peas
Recipe:
In a large saucepan, boil the potatoes until they are tender (about 10 minutes). Mash the potatoes and cream them together with the butter, milk, salt and pepper until they are fluffy. Set aside.
Place all of the sauce ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth. Set aside.
Brown the ground beef and onions in a large skillet or saucepan. Drain the fat off the meat. Add the sauce and chopped vegetables to the skillet. Cover the skillet and allow the meat and veggies to simmer for 10-15 minutes until the veggies start getting tender. Don't allow them to cook all the way through since they will continue to cook in the oven.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Transfer the meat and veggies to a 9x13 pan. Top the meat mixture with the mashed potatoes and spread it out evenly. Bake for 30 minutes at 350 degrees.

Title:
Honey Lime Sesame Paleo Chicken Wings Recipe
Ingredients:
3 Lb Chicken Wings
1/3 Cup Raw Honey
¼ Cup Coconut Aminos
2 tsp Minced Garlic
3 Tbl Lime Juice
1 Tbl Rice Vinegar
1 Tbl Sesame Seeds
Red Chili Flakes
Recipe:
Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
Combine all ingredients except for wings in a small sauce pan. Bring to a boil and let simmer for 5 minutes, or until thick and glossy. Do not let cook for too long or mixture will caramelize and become hard.
While the sauce is thickening, pat the chicken dry with paper towels. Lightly oil a 9×13 baking dish. Lay the wings in the dish in a single layer. Make sure they aren’t touching.
Pour the sauce over the wings, using a basting brush to spread the sauce over all surfaces.
Bake the wings in the preheated oven for 1 hour on the top rack, turning the wings over after 40 minutes have passed.
Remove from oven. The sauce will thicken as the wings start to cool down. Turn wings to thoroughly coat in sauce before serving.

Title:
Paleo Enchiladas
Ingredients:
6 large eggs
1 cup unsweetened almond milk
3 T coconut flour
2 t coconut oil
1 t arrowroot powder
¼ t sea salt
coconut oil or butter for pan
2 T olive oil
1 large onion, diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups tomato sauce
2 cups chicken broth
2 T chili powder
½ t cumin
¼ t dried oregano
1 pound ground beef
1 jalapeno, minced
1 avocado, diced
3 T fresh cilantro, chopped
Recipe:
For the Tortillas:
Combine the eggs, almond milk, coconut flour, coconut oil, arrowroot powder, and sea salt together in a small bowl and mix well. Allow the batter to sit for 10 minutes and then stir again. The consistency should be similar to crepe batter.
Heat a nonstick skillet over a medium heat and melt 1 tablespoon of coconut oil in the pan.
Pour ¼ cup of the batter into the skillet. Cook for 1-2 minutes, flip and cook another minute until lightly browned.
Place tortilla onto a plate and repeat with the remaining batter adding a little more oil to the pan every 3-4 tortillas or if they begin to start sticking. Set tortillas aside. You should end with about 10 tortillas.
For the Sauce:
Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a heavy saucepan over medium-low heat.
Sauté 1/2 of the onion and garlic for 4-5 minutes until soft. Add in the tomato sauce, chicken broth, chili powder, cumin, and oregano and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer for 15-20 minutes, until the sauce has thickened. Salt and pepper to taste.
Season to taste with salt. If desired, pour sauce into a blender or food processor and blend until smooth.
Prepare the Meat:
Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat.
Sauté other 1/2 of the onion for 4-5 minutes until soft. Stir in the ground beef and jalapeno and season with salt and pepper. Cook 8-10 minutes until the meat is browned, then remove from heat.
Stir in a few spoonfuls of the enchilada sauce to coat the meat.To Assemble:
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Coat the bottom of a 9×13-inch baking dish with a thin layer of the enchilada sauce.
Fill each tortilla with the meat mixture and roll over. Place the tortillas in the baking dish side by side.
Cover with the remaining sauce and bake for 12-15 minutes. Serve immediately, topped with avocado and cilantro.

Title:
Autumn Apple Salad with a Maple Vinaigrette
Ingredients:
2 cups baby spinach
1/4 cup dried cranberries
1/4 cup halved pecans
2 tablespoons feta cheese
1/2 granny smith apple sliced
1/2 fuji apple sliced
2 slices bacon cooked and chopped
Maple Dijon Vinaigrette
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
1 tablespoon maple syrup
1 and 1/2 teaspoon dijon mustard
salt & pepper to taste
Recipe:
Add the spinach to a medium size bowl or plate.
Top with dried cranberries, halved pecans, feta cheese, sliced apples, and cooked bacon.
Add all the ingredients for the maple dijon vinaigrette to a small mason jar. Shake to mix. Pour over the salad. The dressing recipe makes enough for two salads.

Title:
Skinny Orange Chicken Recipe
Ingredients:
4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into bite-sized pieces
1 tablespoon coconut oil
¼ cup chicken stock
3 tablespoons honey or maple syrup
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon orange zest
¼ cup fresh orange juice
3 tablespoons coconut aminos
1½ teaspoons Sriracha sauce
¼ teaspoon ground ginger
1 pinch red pepper flakes
1 teaspoon sesame seeds for garnish, optional
Recipe:
Melt coconut oil in medium skillet over medium heat. Add in chicken pieces and cook until cooked through and browned, about 8-10 minutes. Remove from skillet and set aside.
While chicken is cooking, stir together chicken stock, honey or maple syrup, garlic, orange zest, orange juice, coconut aminos, Sriracha sauce, ginger and red pepper flakes. Pour into heated skillet once chicken has been removed and reduce to low heat. Cook, stirring often, until sauce has been reduced and coats the back of a wooden spoon. Remove from heat and pour over chicken.
To serve, spoon chicken over a bed of broccoli and then spoon on additional sauce. Top with sesame seeds, if desired.

Title:
Loaded Paleo Nachos
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon extra-virgin olive oil
2 sweet potatoes, sliced thin
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, shredded
1/4 cup guacamole, homemade store-bought
1/4 cup salsa, homemade or store-bought
3 scallions, sliced thin
1 jalapeños, sliced thin
Recipe:
Preheat oven to 375°F and line baking sheet with foil or parchment paper.
Slice sweet potatoes thin, using mandolin.
Spray baking sheet, lay sweet potatoes down, and bake until crispy.
Remove, let cool, and place on plate.
Top with shredded chicken, guacamole, salsa, scallions, jalapeños, and any other desired toppings.

Title:
Paleo Sweet Potato Sloppy Joes Recipe
Ingredients:
4 pre-baked sweet potatoes or yams
1 1/2 lbs of grass-fed ground beef or ground turkey
1/2 onion, chopped small
1/2 green pepper, chopped small
1/2 red pepper, chopped small
1/4 cup of celery, chopped small
1 clove of garlic, minced
1 Tbsp of chili powder
1 tsp of cumin
2 Tbsp of coconut sugar or honey
(1) 14 oz can of diced tomatoes, with liquids
(1) 6 oz can of tomato paste
Recipe:
Saute the onions, garlic, celery together in a skillet until onions are tender
Add and brown the ground beef in the same skillet
Next add the spices, coconut sugar (or honey), and bell peppers to the skillet
Pour in the can of diced tomatoes with liquids and the tomato paste
Simmer all together on low for about 15 minutes
Finish with salt and pepper to taste
Cut sweet potatoes in half and scoop out a portion to form a little bowl and fill with sloppy joe mixture -or- slice up each sweet potato into wedges and pour sloppy joe mixture over
Serve hot and enjoy!

Title:
Spaghetti Squash Chow Mein
Ingredients:
1 large spaghetti squash
1/4 cup COCONUT AMINOS (or tamari if not paleo)
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon COCONUT SUGAR
2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger
1/4 teaspoon white pepper (or black pepper!)
2 tablespoons OLIVE OIL
1 onion, diced
3 stalks celery, sliced diagonally
2 cups cole slaw mix (shredded cabbage and carrots)
Recipe:
Cut a spaghetti squash in half length wise and scoop out seeds. Lay skin side up in a 13 x 9 pyrex and pour 1/2 inch of water in the bottom of the pan. Bake at 400 degrees for 30-40 minutes, until flesh is very tender. Once done, scoop out flesh with a fork so it breaks apart into strings, set aside.
In a small bowl, whisk together coconut aminos, garlic, coconut sugar, ginger and white pepper; set aside.
Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add onion and celery, and cook, stirring often, until tender, about 3-4 minutes. Stir in cabbage until heated through, about 1 minute.
Stir in spaghetti squash and sauce mixture until well combined, about 2 minutes.
Serve immediately.

Title:
Paleo Taco Skillets & Paleo Taco Bowls
Ingredients:
1 lb lean ground beef chicken, or turkey
1 large onion diced
2 large bell peppers diced
2 zucchinis diced
1 can diced tomatoes and green chilies
Primal Palate's taco seasoning
3 cups baby kale and greens mix or other salad
Recipe:
In a large pan, add ground meat, crumble, and brown.
Drain off excess fat.
Add diced onion, zucchinis, and peppers and cook until soft and browned.
Add tomatoes and stir.
Mix in taco seasoning- add a tbsp water if needed to mix.
Keep on stove until taco mix has fully incorporated tacos.
Add salad or greens to a bowl, and spoon taco mixture over the top.
Serve and enjoy!
