Title:
Crockpot Chicken Enchilada Soup
Ingredients:
1.5 lbs boneless skinless chicken thighs
1 can fire roasted crushed tomatoes (14.5 oz can)
1 bell pepper, thinly sliced
1 onion, thinly sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 cups bone broth
1/2 cup water
1 tbsp cumin
1 tbsp chili powder
1 tsp oregano
1/2 tsp smoked paprika
1/2 tsp sea salt
1/2 tsp ground pepper
For garnish:
1 avocado
fresh cilantro
Recipe:
Prepare all of the ingredients as noted above, and add all of the ingredients, except for the garnish ingredients, into your crockpot or Instant Pot in the order listed above.
Cook on low for 6-8 hours in the crockpot, on high for 3 hours in the crockpot, or for 20 minutes in the Instant Pot on the manual setting. Once done, use two forks to shred chicken in the crockpot. Ladle into bowls and serve with avocado and fresh cilantro.

Title:
Easy Crockpot Creamy Chicken Enchilada Chili
Ingredients:
1 can (10 ounces) red enchilada sauce*
1 can (14.5 ounces) petite diced tomatoes with green chilis**
1 can (15 ounces) chili beans in mild chili sauce
1 can (15 ounces) black beans drained and rinsed
1 can (15 ounces) corn drained
1 and 1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts ~2-3 large breasts
2 cups chicken stock or chicken broth
1 package (8 ounces) cream cheese very soft
Seasonings
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
3/4 teaspoon paprika
1 teaspoon seasoned salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1 and 1/2 tablespoons chili powder
Toppings: sour cream, freshly grated cheddar cheese, avocado, fresh lime, and fresh cilantro
Recipe:
In a large crockpot (I use a 6 quart crockpot), add in the enchilada sauce, undrained tomatoes, undrained chili beans, drained and rinsed black beans, drained corn, and uncooked chicken breasts.
I like to cut each chicken breasts into 2-3 pieces after removing the fat only if I'm cooking this on high (cooks faster/more evenly in my crockpot).
Add in the chicken stock and all of the seasonings. Stir well.
Cover and place on high for 3-5 hours (or until chicken will easily shred) or low for 5-8 hours (again, until chicken will shred easily)
Remove the chicken from the crockpot and shred in another bowl using two forks.
Meanwhile, cube the cream cheese into small cubes (it should be very softened -- melt in microwave) and put them in the crockpot. Stir well and cover. Change temperature to high. Let it sit for a few minutes and then using a large whisk, briskly whisk the cream cheese to melt.
Add the shredded chicken back into the crockpot. Stir and cover. Cook on high until all the cream cheese is completely melted. Stir.
Serve with sour cream, cheddar cheese, avocado, and fresh cilantro as desired. If you only do one topping, to me, cheddar cheese is a MUST!

Title:
Crock Pot White Chicken Chili
Ingredients:
1lb chicken breasts
15oz can great northern beans, drained and rinsed
4oz can chopped green chiles
1 - 2 jalapenos, minced (using 1 made for a mild chili)
1 shallot or 1/2 onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1-1/2 teaspoons cumin
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
big pinch dried oregano
2 cups gluten-free chicken broth
juice of 1/2 small lime
1/4 cup milk unsweetened almond or cow's milk
1 Tablespoon gluten-free flour (any kind, I used brown rice flour)
Toppings: green Tabasco sauce, verde sauce, lime wedges, tortilla chips, shredded cheese, chopped cilantro
Recipe:
Combine all ingredients except gluten-free flour and milk into a 6-quart crock pot then stir to combine. Cover and cook on low for 4 hours. Remove chicken then shred and place in the refrigerator. Whisk together flour and milk in a small dish then drizzle into chili and stir to combine. Cover then cook on high for 30 minutes, stir shredded chicken back into chili, and serve with toppings.

Title:
Instant Pot Soup with Smoked Sausage, White Beans & Vegetables
Ingredients:
1 lb bag dry navy beans or other white beans of choice, soaked for several hours* (see notes)
1-2 tbsp olive oil
14 oz smoked turkey sausage sliced into medallions
1/2 onion diced
2 cloves garlic minced
3 carrots peeled and chopped
2 stalks celery chopped
1 tsp fresh thyme chopped
2 tsp fresh rosemary chopped
7 cups vegetable broth
3 cups fresh baby spinach
1 tsp salt (plus more to taste)
1/4 tsp black pepper
Recipe:
Using the saute function, add olive oil and cook sausage until browned.
Add onions and saute until translucent. Add garlic and saute for one minute. Turn saute off.
Rinse the beans and add them to the pot, along with all remaining ingredients.
Set to pressure cook (manual) on high for 20 minutes.
When finished, quick release the steam valve.
Open and season with additional salt and/or pepper to taste.
To thicken the soup, use a wooden spoon to smash some of the beans against the side of the pot.
Serve with warm, crusty bread.

Title:
Paleo Sweet Potato Chili
Ingredients:
2 lbs hamburger
1 red onion chopped
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 can tomato sauce 29.5 ounces
2 cups petite diced tomatoes with juice
3 cups beef stock
1 cup carrots sliced
5 cups sweet potatoes peeled and cubed
2 bay leaves
1/2 teaspoon thyme
2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 teaspoons black pepper
1/2 cup chili powder
dash of oregano
dash of red pepper flakes
Recipe:
In a large saucepan, brown hamburger, onions and garlic. Drain off the fat.
Add the remaining ingredients to the saucepan. Mix well, bring to a boil and simmer, covered, for about 30-40 minutes or until the sweet potatoes and carrots are cooked through.
Remove and discard the bay leaves. Then serve!
Slow Cooker Option: Instead of simmering the chili on the stove, you can brown the ground beef, drain off the fat and place it into the slow cooker. Add the other ingredients and let it simmer on low all day (6-8 hours on high for 4-5 hours).

Title:
Dairy-Free Crockpot Broccoli Potato Soup
Ingredients:
7-8 Idaho potatoes, peeled and chopped
1 medium onion, chopped, apprx 1 cup
32 ounces vegetable broth
Pinch of salt and pepper
2 1/2 cups chopped broccoli, fresh or frozen
2 cups unsweetened almond milk
½ cup sour cream (or dairy-free cream cheese/yogurt)
1/2 cup dairy-free cheese, shredded
Recipe:
Add potatoes, onion, broth, salt and pepper to crockpot.
Cover and cook on low 4-5 hours or until potatoes are tender and fall off a fork.
Using an immersion blender , blend until soup reaches desired thickness.
Add milk and sour cream ( See Notes on Dairy-Free Swap Options)
Stir in broccoli, Cook on high for 1-2 hours. (Generally 1 hour for fresh broccoli, 2 hours for frozen)
Top with extra salt, pepper and cheese.

Title:
Crock Pot Tomato Basil Soup
Ingredients:
These amounts make a small batch- approx four bowls- it can easily be doubled or tripled for large-batch making too!
to roast tomatoes…
2 lbs fresh tomatoes (any variety works)
3 tbsp olive oil (your olive oil is probably fake; where to buy REAL olive oil)
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp balsamic vinegar
for the soup…
1/2 cup chopped carrot (1 large stalk)
1/2 cup chopped celery (1 large stalk)
2 cups diced yellow onion (1 medium onion)
1 tbsp chopped garlic (2 large cloves)
1/2 cup chopped fresh basil
1 bay leaf
1/2 cup chicken broth (homemade or good quality store-bought)
1/2 tsp herbs de Provence
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp black pepper
2 tbsp ghee or butter
Recipe:
Preheat oven to 450 degrees
Slice tomatoes in quarters, or in half for smaller guys.
Lay them in a large baking pan with the salt, pepper, olive oil, and balsamic.
Toss it all together.
Roast them on the top rack for about 20 minutes
Meanwhile, chop the carrots, celery, onion, and garlic.
Add ghee or butter to a large pan over medium heat.
Add the carrots, onion, celery, garlic, herbs de provence, salt, and pepper.
Stir and saute for about ten minutes (timing works out so that the veggies and tomatoes are done about the same time).
Add the sautéed veggies to the Crock Pot.
Add roasted tomatoes and chicken broth.
Stir in the chopped basil and bay leaf.
Cook on low for 5-7 hours, or on high for 3 1/2.  (I’ve let mine cook on low for 7 and then just sit on warm overnight- totally fine.)
Once done, remove bay leaf
Using an immersion blender, blend the soup until smooth.  Alternatively, you could use a standard blender, blending in batches.  I like to leave mine just a taaad chunky, but it’s a personal preference kinda thing.
That’s it.  Taste and adjust seasonings as desired.  Depending on how juicy the tomatoes were, the broth used etc, flavors can change… make it how you want it!
Top the soup with some part crisps and a basil leaf.

Title:
Crockpot Chicken Zoodle Soup
Ingredients:
1 lb Boneless skinless chicken breasts (2-3 large if using frozen)
3 stalks Celery, chopped (about 1 cup diced)
3 Medium carrots, peeled and chopped (about 1 cup)
1/2 Small onion, diced
1/2 tsp Garlic powder
1/2 tsp Poultry seasoning (or 1/4 tsp thyme and 1 bay leaf)
6 cups Chicken stock
2 Medium zuchinni (or 1 large), spiralized (about 4 cups)
Recipe:
The estimated total time to make this recipe is 4-8 hours.
Add everything to crockpot except for the zucchini. Cover and cook on high for 4 hours, or on low for 6-8 hours, or until chicken is cooked through and easy to shred.
In the last 15-30 minutes of cooking (depending on how tender you want the zucchini noodles), remove chicken breasts. Shred chicken breasts, and add back to crockpot along with the zucchini noodles. Cover and continue to cook until zucchini is cooked to your liking. Season with salt, pepper, and parsley if desired. Enjoy!

Title:
Paleo Comfort Foods' Chicken Tortilla-less Soup
Ingredients:
3	pounds chicken breasts, boneless & skinless
3	tablespoons oil, your choice, divided
2 to 3	teaspoons of fajita or taco seasoning
1	large or 2 medium onions, diced
6	cloves garlic, minced
2	jalapeno peppers, diced
1 to 2	poblano peppers, diced
2	quarts chicken stock
1	(28-ounce) can fire roasted tomatoes (or regular canned tomatoes)
Juice of 2 limes
1	cup cilantro, chopped
Avocado and fresh cilantro for garnish
Recipe:
Preheat your oven to 375°F.
Place your chicken breasts in a large baking pan, and pour one tablespoon of oil over all, coating well. Sprinkle your fajita seasoning over the chicken, coating well, and place in the oven.
Cook for about 30 to 45 minutes until cooked through and liquid from chicken runs clear. Remove the skin and bones from the chicken. Using two forks, shred the chicken.
Meanwhile, in a large dutch oven over medium heat, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, and when hot, add in the onions. Cook until onions are translucent, about 4 to 6 minutes.
Add in the garlic and peppers and saute for about 1 to 2 minutes, until fragrant.
Pour in the chicken stock and fire roasted tomatoes and bring to a medium boil.
OPTIONAL: If you want a slightly thickened soup, strain out some of the tomatoes, onions and peppers to a blender and puree. Pour back into the broth mixture.
Add the chicken, cilantro and lime juice to the pot. Salt and pepper to taste.
Serve with some fresh cilantro and chopped up avocado on top.
Note: If you don't have taco seasoning, use a mix of ground cumin, chili powder, garlic powder and cayenne.

Title:
Easy Crockpot Beef Stew Recipe
Ingredients:
2 pounds pastured stewing beef
2 cups of beef or chicken stock (or 1 cup stock and 1 cup wine or beer)
1 T balsamic vinegar
1 medium onion, chopped
2 stalks of celery, roughly chopped
2 large carrots, peeled and chopped
3-5 small potatoes, cubed (optional)
1 to 3 cloves of garlic, minced (adjust according to your taste)
1 T paprika
3 bay leaves
1/2 t salt
1/2 t black pepper
1 t each dried rosemary, basil, and oregano
1/8 cup arrowroot powder (if you want to thicken your stew)
Recipe:
Place meat into crockpot.
Add liquids then all other ingredients except for arrowroot powder on top.
Cover and cook on low for eight hours.
To thicken: Just before you’re ready to eat, use a ladle to spoon out most of the liquid into a small saucepan and bring to a boil.
Stir a small amount of the liquid into a small bowl and sprinkle in the arrowroot flour, whisking as you add it. Make sure there are no lumps.
Slowly pour the arrowroot mixture into the boiling liquid in the pot and remove from heat as you whisk continuously. Do not reheat, as this will break the bonds of the thickener.
If it’s not thick enough, use water and some more arrowroot powder in your small bowl, whisk to mix, then slowly add into the gravy.
Pour thickened gravy back into slow cooker, stir gently, and serve.
